[TC-7230] Add delivery events (#40)
tradecloud/tradecloud-docs-api-v2: buyer/receive-goods.md

# Receive goods

There are two ways to announce the buyer has received goods:
- using the actual delivery, which is preferred over the delivered indicator, as it is more precise regarding partial deliveries.
- using the delivered indicator

## Actual delivery history

> The delivery history contains the actual physical deliveries. With the actual deliveries versus the planned deliveries Tradecloud can calculate which goods should still be delivered or are overdue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The delivery history contains the actual physical deliveries. With the actual deliveries versus the planned deliveries, Tradecloud can calculate which goods should still be delivered or are overdue.
```

There are two ways to send the delivery history to Tradecloud:

> - send the delivery history using the `lines.deliveryHistory` field and updating the order using the `/order` API.
> - send one or more delivery events using the `/api-connector/order/deliveries` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- by sending the delivery history using the `lines.deliveryHistory` field and updating the order using the `/order` API.
- by sending one or more delivery events using the `/api-connector/order/deliveries` API.
```
